docs(AwsNfsVolumeRestore): user documentation (#752)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/tutorials/01-100-aws-nfs-volume-restore.md

# Restore RWX Volume Backups in AWS

This tutorial explains how to initiate a restore operation for the ReadWriteMany (RWX) volumes in Amazon Web Services (AWS). 

## Prerequisites <!-- {docsify-ignore} -->

* You have created an AwsNfsVolume. See [Use RWX Volumes in AWS](./01-10-aws-nfs-volume.md) to learn more.

* You have created an AwsNfsVolumeBackup. See [Backup RWX Volumes in AWS](./01-110-aws-nfs-volume-backup.md) to learn more.

>[!NOTE]

> >All the examples below assume that the AwsNfsVolumeBackup is named `my-backup` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>The following examples assume that the AwsNfsVolumeBackup is named `my-backup` 
```

and is in the same namespace as the AwsNfsVolumeRestore resource.

## Steps <!-- {docsify-ignore} -->

### Restore on the same or existing Filestore <!-- {docsify-ignore} -->
1. Export the namespace as an environment variable.

>    ```shell

Reviewer: excellent indentation!

   export NAMESPACE={NAMESPACE_NAME}
   ```
   
2. Create an AwsNfsVolumeRestore resource. 

   ```shell
   cat <<EOF | kubectl -n $NAMESPACE apply -f -
   apiVersion: cloud-resources.kyma-project.io/v1beta1
   kind: AwsNfsVolumeRestore
   metadata:
     name: my-restore
   spec:
     source:
       backup:
         name: my-backup
   EOF
   ```
   
3. Wait for the AwsNfsVolumeRestore to be in the `Done` state and have the `Ready` condition.

   ```shell
   kubectl -n $NAMESPACE wait --for=condition=Ready awsnfsvolumerestore/my-restore --timeout=600s
   ```

   Once the AwsNfsVolumeRestore is completed, you should see the following message:

   ```
   awsnfsvolumerestore.cloud-resources.kyma-project.io/my-restore condition met
   ```

> 4. Clean up:

Reviewer: If I perform step 4 right after step 3, doesn't that simply undo the whole procedure? Meaning, if I go through steps 1 till 4, do I really achieve the goal that's promised by the title "Restore on the same or existing Filestore"?

Author: > If I perform step 4 right after step 3, doesn't that simply undo the whole procedure? Meaning, if I go through steps 1 till 4, do I really achieve the goal that's promised by the title "Restore on the same or existing Filestore"?

Step 4 just removes a k8s object. It doesn't undo the restore. Restore is not a resource but an operation. When operation is finished, the k8s object stays there so end user can check its status and make sure operation is completed with success. And then it can decide to keep it or remove it. 
Having it as a step, makes sure that the env is clean for another retry. If user doesn't clean it up and follow the instructions again, it will fail as the object with the same name and namespace already exists.
